fix: various typos (#12468)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/manifest/dir/index.md

- [`short_name`](/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest/short_name)
- [`description`](/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest/description)

> > **Note:** If the value is omitted or set to `auto`, the browser will use the [Unicode bidirectional algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/Unicode_Bidirectional_Text_Algorithm) to make a best guess about the text's direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If the value is omitted or set to `auto`, the browser will use the [Unicode bidirectional algorithm](https://www.w3.org/International/articles/inline-bidi-markup/uba-basics) to make a best guess about the text's direction.
```

(that page no longer exists on MDN)
